let us say about this camera with some
fun Google play's call of Dublin GA we
got a little towns all around us got
rent detectors cattle feeder broom yeah
they're a damn sorry Dublin GA is my
home where I should say got friends all
around I'm hard work then I'll put it
take a dip in Turkey free walking around
their feet guessing lines out in the
water so we can get some sister eats
traumatized by the women walking around
and Daisy Doo country fried home roots
way down to our pink camo heads all year
round and the woods is where we're pound
shooting squirrels hunting cause we love
the dirty towel y'all can't get on my
level get in your truck and go follow me
too bad throw up and make it and we wait
on you to hurry up so go pack your shit
up and don't you get stuck in that mud
can i plug just like that Georgia clay
and now hot Sun beating on our necks all
day crank that song
so everybody here's the Bob you're
headed through the feet and lay that
again you'll see the hunting beers a at
night we use the spotlight you mean say
that ain't right but you're just blinded
by the light turn our Chuck on that
plate and we're getting sideways our
tanks getting low but that's the price
you gotta pay and - really - you just
doing what we wanted but after senior
year when our lives really started we
thought we would
nobody g8 it's my home they got friends
all around hard work then I'll play take
a ditch in Turkey keep walking around in
bare feet catch my miles out on the
waters we can catch you
like going to catch some fish tonight
but we had a run-in with the fuzz then
we'll stomach catch a buzz
take up a few friends they live just
around the bend
grab some wood start a fire just go
drain that while we listen to the legs
where's that song on her long hey there
ain't nothing wrong wake up the next
morning let's keep him drunk before
we still got one more day so let's get
him show some play piling up in a
Walmart parking lot my shirt so big
gotta take the second spot now it's time
to go to the backwoods things whoa the
moon is shining in them girls baby one
dropping it down shaking round moving
with the Sam got a deuce them boots and
those tan legs all these country girls
out here drinking from these caves
staring at oh man they got your mind a
WGA is my home where I should say got
friends all over when I'm hard work then
I'll put it take a dip in Turkey Creek
walking around their feet
catch the line that there's no water so
we can skip some tips to eat some but I
saw the women walking around and Daisy
Doo touch your pride home loose lay down
or up in camo heads all year round and
the woods is where we're found shooting
squirrels hunting hogs we love the dirty
south now before y'all go hatin we can
start debating all my small-town
southern pride is at least a country
mile wide I don't like your city lights
you don't like my country life that's
fair hey that's cool but you ain't
listening to know
now let me try ain't nothing better than
living off the land working with your
own two hands while getting that
farmer's tan but I'm shot on but we know
you are you're a city boy never seen a
southern back and if it doesn't go your
way I'm sorry it's not your day just
suck it up moving forward tomorrow's
another day we keep it country dinner we
drink a lot of here and we've got each
other how we were raised how we do
things
just wanna say thank you for listening
to our song but pussy get bitches money